Issues found

1. In the React project, the index.html file was in the wrong path.
- A public folder was created.
- The index.html file was moved to the public folder.

2. Updated react-scripts => yarn add react-scripts@latest

3. Changed the API port from 3000 to 3002 to avoid collisions with the front end.
   The front end API port was also changed from 3000 to 3002 to maintain communication with the API.

4. A .txt file was created with the name Issues.txt to record the log of how we are progressing and resolving the points

5. Refactor the connection to the API to make it more optimized

6. Improve the structure of App.jsx since it has an old structure for the reason refactor to a modern structure

7. Improve the App.jsx code to remove burned texts and leave the constants

8. Create a utils folder in the root and create two files constants.js and helpers.js

9. Improving the folder structure for components, we created a components folder

10. Improved and optimized the MovieCard call

11. Create the pages folder to keep the project more organized and call the project from MoviesPage.jsx

12. We refactored the App.jsx file so that it can be refactored to just call it the movie page.

13. We refactor in the api folder exactly in the two files helpers.mjs and index.mjs

14. Improve security vulnerabilities identified for this reason install these packages helmet, express-rate-limit

15. Refactoring the index.mjs file to add the packages

16. We improved the studio constants.msj structure so that it can display the images of the movies that were not seen.

17. We created new folders, necessary files and improved the folder structure in the frontend to make it cleaner and easier to maintain.

18. I install the craco package to be able to configure absolute routes with alias @

19. Added filter by name, studio in the frontend and backend

20. Setting up the environment for unit testing and also adding mock, utils, unit, services and pages tests with your setup.js

21. We add the loggers in the backend
